# Objectives
In this article, I will introduce my code and tell you how to use it.

# Preparation
Before reading this articles, I assume that you understand the commonly used term about Microsoft term and Python.

If you don't know, google it or read my previous articles. Don't ask me what it is.

# Introduction to my windows generated by PySimpleGUI.

For 1st input field (after text "YT channel link:"). You must eneter a YT channel url. But without any extra words. Such as single-quote, double-quote, whitespaces.

For 2nd input field (after text "Path where auto-generation file locates:").You must specify the path with the button with text "browse".

For 3rd input field (after text "Document name:"). You must specify a file name WITHOUT file extensions.

For 4th input field (after text "Document extension").

It must be a list with file extensions. 

The list indicates which files with these extensions are auto-generated.

You can specify it by clicking the button with text "Doc Extension". Don't worry about the type of input field. I have checked it.

For 5th input field (after text "Language for transcript"). 

It must be a list.

The list indicates which files what languages you expected to be translated into for the transcriptions.

For 5th columns. It is about the setting of footers.

When the checkbox with text "Yes" is selected, it means that you want to add footer.

If "Yes" is NOT selected, the other part of this column will take no effects.

Iff the checkbox with text "Current P age?" is selected, then the current page is added to the footer.

Iff the checkbox with text "Seperator?" is selected, then the seperator '/'  page is added to the footer.

Iff the checkbox with text "Total Page?" is selected, then the total page is added to the footer.

Iff the checkbox with text "Current pages" is selected, then the current page is added to the footer.

For the input field on the left of the button with text "Footer Alignment". 

It determines what columns of footer are added or NOT. 

Recall that there are three columns in each footer and header.

For example, 

[0] refers the left column is added with texts.

[0,1,2] refers the left, middle, and right columns are added with texts.


For 6th columns. It is about the setting of headers.

Same settings as the footers.

For 7th columns, it determines the font of the text in the generated-file.

To set the value of font size, font family, font text color, and font text background color, click the button with text "Font".

The checkbox with text "Bold?" refers the text in generated-file is bold or NOT. When it is set to True, it is bold.

The checkbox with text "Underline?" refers the text in generated-file is underline or NOT. When it is set to True, it is underline.

The checkbox with text "Italic?" refers the text in generated-file is italic or NOT. When it is set to True, it is italic.

The checkbox with text "Strike?" refers the text in generated-file is strike or NOT. When it is set to True, it is strike.









